breaking news tonight at 11 people from
Malibu to Mexico tonight reporting a
fireball in the sky and we have the
dramatic video
good evening I'm Marc Brown i'm michelle
tuzee Eyewitness News reporter Amy
Powell is live at Griffith Observatory
with tonight's spectacle in the sky Amy
Michelle and Marc a lot of people
staring at the sky tonight going what
was that apparently they were treated to
quite a light show I spoke to a couple
of police officers who say they saw
something and some amateur astronomers
here at the observatories we're talking
about the giant fireball streaking
across the sky and we have the dramatic
video to show you this video came to us
from an eyewitness news viewer it's from
a car's dash cam you can see the light
in the distance as it streaks across the
sky take a closer look the meteor was
seen by people across the southwest u.s.
and parts of Mexico and I'm just
watching it was coming like a slow
motion it was about as big as I would
say about a cantaloupe but it was
perfectly wrong all blue and just the
very tip of it was a big long dead but
humongous tip was just Orange many
witnesses took to social media to share
what they witnessed Randy banks tweeted
is it possible for a meteorite to
illuminate the entire night sky much
like lightning would for only about half
a second Audrey Bagley tweeted saw the
whole horizon light up 46 miles outside
of Barstow here's another look at the
video of the meteor that has so many
people talking tonight
and you may recall that giant meteor
that exploded over Russia earlier this
year scientists say that has taught them
that there are more meteors out there
than previously thought and they're more
likely to hit the earth or earth more
frequently reporting live in Griffith
Park Amy Powell ABC 7 I could discuss we
have insight into what was that fireball
in the sky NBC horace robert cabassa is
live for us up at Griffith Park
Robert Chuck and Colleen if this was
actually a fireball it was certainly
far-reaching we first heard about it
from you our viewers around 8 o'clock
tonight from all over Southern
California thanks in part to the clear
skies that we have this evening now
fortunately there were no reports of any
injuries no one had to duck but no joke
here Chuck and Colleen this comes on the
very same day that NASA scientists say a
meteor hitting our planet is 4 or 5
times more likely than they ever
anticipated it arrived in the atmosphere
in a flash and elicited fascination
across the American West on the AMS
fireball website space may be the final
frontier but take a look at this YouTube
video from South LA and you'll
understand it's the first thing
everybody's talking about tonight Dave
Morgan spotted it in San Dimas it was so
large and so the trail was so big
explosion it was pretty amazing a
fireball or bright meteor lit up the sky
and then social media so what is
happening it's probably just a rogue
meteor just like the one over Russia
earlier this year no one saw it coming
and wow that made their day quite bright
it arrived in the atmosphere in a flash
and elicited fascination across the
American West on the AMS fireball
website Alexander from st. George Utah
writes awesome an observer John B and
temecula says it's the most brilliant
white object I've ever seen looks as
bright as burning phosphorus
fortunately meteors mostly stay in the
sky but remember what happened in Russia
in February that meteor man injured some
1600 people today NASA revealed the
threat of smashing space rocks is bigger
than they first thought instead of 3
million zipping around the solar system
NASA now says there are 20 million up in
the sky and that's where they're hoping
they stay
was bright it was huge and had a large
trail and I just went whoa and then the
it looked like it fell became behind the
trees it sort of exploded now if you
missed it not to be too disappointed the
torrid meteor shower is currently in our
atmosphere in our Fritz Coleman is going
to have more on that coming up for you
in just a few minutes for now we are
live here in the Hollywood Hills with
our eyes to the sky I'm Robert kvass it
let's go back to you did you see it a
possible meteor sighting in the skies
over Southern California people from San
Diego to LA a report seeing a bright
light streak through the sky
good evening I'm Michael and I'm cher
Calvin from Twitter to Facebook social
media is lighting up tonight would talk
about a bright light spotted over
Southern California was it a meteor
KTLA's Rick Chambers live in Pasadena
with details on what people saw tonight
Rick yeah Mike and Cher you're right
people saw this all over the place
Phoenix Arizona in fact a San Diego
Hemet up to Santa Maria low in the sky
many of them said about 8 o'clock
tonight and Austin I looked up I was
actually approaching Alvarado and I said
oh my god
KTLA assistant news director Chris
Knutson sought out along the 101 freeway
and it was just it was a fireball it
wasn't huge it was it looked like this
small fuselage of a chopper coming along
did you see oh it only lasted for about
seven or eight seconds a fireball with a
hook tail low on the horizon possibly
part of the South Torrance meteor shower
which ends later this month the fireball
lit up Twitter as well
Giulia said it looked like fireworks
Jerry and Carlsbad said an explosive
finish that lit up the room and Eli
wrote it's same meteor over Glendale or
alien invasion it all brings back
memories though of that huge fireball
soaring over Russia in February
something the experts predict will be
happening more frequently and back here
live we mentioned that south towards
meteor shower that will last till about
the 25th of this month so no doubt more
sightings still ahead in Pasadena I'm
Eric Chambers guys let me throw it back
to you my serene Branson is live at the
Griffith Park observatory where the
sightings caused a lot of excitement
tonight serene they sure did cause a lot
of excitement Sharon there are a lot of
people here at the Griffith Observatory
tonight and a few of them actually saw
these fireballs in the sky first we want
to give you a glimpse of that security
video again that captures the image of
that fireball and it appears to be the
meteor you see that flash and then
streaking right after it
now sky watchers here at the Griffith
Observatory say that they were surprised
by the brief show
we were out there looking in downtown
and then out of nowhere there's a lot of
flashes and then what turned into like a
yellow ball of fire and then I just went
out I just saw a bunch of flashes out of
the corner of my eye and then like a big
bright light and then I was like what
was that I figured somebody was taking
some pictures or something and no it was
bigger than that it was in the sky so I
figured meteor fireballs like that
happen when rocks from outer space
little chunks of asteroids called
meteoroids come flying into the Earth's
atmosphere and burn up in the Earth's
atmosphere it's kind of like when you
think of astronauts coming back and
re-entry and there's all that heat same
idea Iraq coming through Earth's
atmosphere will literally burn up and
that's what you're seeing that was dr.
Laura Danly she is the curator of the
Griffith Observatory here and as she
mentioned these can happen from October
to November that's usually the best time
you can see these fireballs in the sky
that are part of the torrid meteor
shower and she says that we could expect
to see more over the next week or so for
now we're live from the Griffith Park
observatory serene grandma kcal 9 news